We’re selling green smoothies on our timestamps.  Attempting to pull
people into a sense of being with a macrometaphysical sex buffer of
lost sex objects.  It’s something we can do.  It’s kind of aggressive,
but a worthwhile contribution of this breath to this life.

Personally, it expresses many things, frustration with the state of
the world, benevolence towards the world.  Given our place and its
situation, it’s a metaphysical meeting that is therapeutic for
everyone.

The actuality in the primacy of immediacy is repulsive, which
naturally expresses as embarrassment of others.  We employ this
realization of situation as therapy for the maintenance and evolution
of a maturity of empathy from something immediate and naïve to
something relatively abstract and tangible.

The individual cultural sense of morality, macrometaphsical being, is
illuminated by this effort.  This is a preferable existence to a vague
notion of our balancing seeming and being.  That is, the awareness of
the macrometaphysical being as displacing the uncertainty of seeming,
and the acceptance of the implications for a healthy fabric of being.

The dynamical system of consciousness is a temporal relation.


    ψ = α + β + γ + δ + σ + τ ;
    ψ’  = ψ .


The inner consciousness, α, is the foundation of being, and the
esoterica of consciousness, σ, is the atmosphere of being.  Between
these limits, the micrometaphysical universe.

We can qualify the health of the mind-body identity, ψ, by the quality
of the instrument known to itself, κ.

    κ = α + β + γ + δ + σ.

The awareness of self balances to the awareness of the states of
consciousness in this expression of the knowledge of self and the
quality of the instrument.

Here, the outward being in situ is represented, the actuality of
existence.

That is, the capture of self or other by intuition is ψ, the sense of
self in life is κ.

The quality of life is effectively or ultimately the balancing of ψ
and κ such that the instrument is healthy and happy.

At the limit of the resolution of the temporal dynamic, δψ and δκ, we
know the well known concepts of heart and courage and ambition and
fear.  These are conventional representations of health applied in an
introspective or microscopic sense.  It is in these terms that we may
describe or discuss health of being.

The infamous urinal presents the female sex object to the male sex
object in submission.  In the sublimation of timestamps and imagery
and text, induction and aversion, it is expressed asexually.  In this
discovery it expresses the walking through the cognitive plate or
obstruction of the false morality of social judgement, the sense of
others’ judgements of predation, and ultimately the fear that society
employs to focus us on ourselves where one’s natural sense of health
is insufficient or delinquent or vague or incomplete.

That is, were we free from our own sense of infidelity we would be
healthy.  The challenge is realizing the macrometaphysical aspects of
infidelity, as well as the micrometaphysical dimensions of infidelity.

