Selene’s basin in the Sea of Tranquility was home to three cats and a
dog.  Selene, herself, as she thought of her spacious home, was
connected to the city grid.  Her closest friend, Book, was five
hundred meters west of her.  They had each come to the moon as
children, and had lived there their entire adult lives.  Book had
forty five years, and Selene had fifty one years.  They were lovers,
once, when they were twenty years of age.  But when the novelty wore
off, they decided to be friends.  It was not easy, remaining friends,
when others saw how close they were and envied the relationship.  They
had decided, together, that this was not the worst thing in the world
because it showed them something of others.  Their own connection was
far too valuable to interfere with.

Selene woke and windows opened to flood her bedroom with sunlight
filtered for color and content.  Unlike a planet with an atmosphere,
Earth’s moon provided no radiation protection.  The automated
structure provided lunar inhabitants with luxurious lighting control.
Lunar window technology provided shade when the sun was up, and
artifical sun when the lunar rotation was dark.

Selene was first greeted by Maria, as always, who ran into the bed
when her windows opened.  The cat purred as Selene stroked her back.
Her tablet blinked with the day’s news and messages.  She rose from
the bed and picked up her bathrobe to make coffee.

The central room was covered with a transparent dome, well over head,
and under which grew trees and flowers that filled the room with fresh
air.  This was the main hang out for the animals, who had learned how
to gesture for their own lighting preferences.  That is, the cats saw
that the dog, Charlie, could control the lights, and it seemed clear
enough that Charlie was content to accomodate them.

Book was an early riser.  She rarely slept more than six or eight
hours, while Selene rarely slept less than ten or twelve hours.  Book
enjoyed working, and Selene enjoyed reading.  As usual, she had sent
Selene copies of whatever had popped up that morning from her friends,
and the two of them would discuss it once Selene could get her brain
moving again.  Book’s brain was always moving.  It was working while
she slept and it was working when she woke.  The only time it wasn’t
working was when she was speaking with someone, and for this gift of
conscience she credited Selene.

Book was working on some engineering that applied some physics she had
recently worked out when Selene’s first message came to her.  She
burst out laughing when she read Selene’s comment.  Selene was a
potent writer, and could turn a phrase instantaneously.  Book so loved
her for this that she sometimes wondered what power she possessed over
her.  Book’s response was half the wit and twice the sincerity.  It
was, effectively, love making.  With each other, they could hardly
find time in their lives for anyone else.  They still lamented their
inability to maintain a sexual relationship.

Selene took another sip of coffee while Maria slept under her tablet.
The bed was her refuge while she found her way into her day.  The big
question of each was whether she was going out, or staying in.  The
discovery came gradually, and occasionally ensnared Book.

This day was feeling homey.  She would spend most of it in bed.  A
beduin.  When she finished her flirtations with Book, she found the
next page waiting within reach.  It was energetic and vibrant and took
her into the lives of people she knew, here on the moon.  She had not
spoken to them in some time, but was starting to wonder what response
the text might evoke.  Perhaps another book of her own.
